winners not waiting on me to be
ready
it's here what I need to do is
get all my jet fuel barrels get
them over to the fuel said to
get filled get as many pallets
as i can and get those over by
he tink
I need to get it where it needs
to live for the winter to make
it the easiest closest for me
when the conditions are brutally
cold and brutally dark
he was going to take a quick
look at my barrels
what a project four barrels go
on a pallet in order for me to
have enough fuel for the entire
winter
that's 48 barrels I have to
individually
look at each Merrill
say yes or no to it see if
they're empty if they're not
verify what's in it
check it out make sure there's
no holes even a pinhole leak
it's a protected ecosystem you
can't leak fuel out all over
it's just not the way it's done
so i have to visually inspect
each year each barrel
this is a no bad ones are over
here
why are they bad well this one
has a hole in it this one's beat
up really dang bad
looks like it's been that way
for a while like here's a ding
but it's not a whole but if I
need 48 barrels
I've gotta do 48 inspections
you know I'm getting colder and
my well below zero no but now is
the time to get everything where
it needs to be
I have to continue my process on
getting the barrels where they
need to live because overnight
I can drop below zero within a
couple weeks I'm gonna be dark
I got 48 not are free of holes
free of things that will
compromise the integrity of the
barrel next step for me though
for this
get to work start pumping field